LLMs are fantastic tools to accelerate textual output. By generating boilerplate content ad hoc, whisking one forward through the development process on greased semantic rails, their effect on the human endeavor to date feels somewhere between a genie and the automobile.

However, as with any new technology, the usage of LLMs introduces new efficiency-limiting problems. In the case of cars, traffic and the means to alleviate it caused headaches for early urban planners unfamiliar with the concept of induced demand.

Playing around with LLMs, I have started to discern a different problem of traffic, one perhaps inherent to their usage loops. Any kind of flow through a system will have components on which one can map physical flow parameters. Ohm's law is perhaps the most simple instantiation of this idea, where V is an electromotive driving force, I is the flow rate of electrons/holes, and R is a parameter indicating how resistant to the driving force any given system is. Similarly, for fluid flow, P is pressure, Q is flow rate, and R is fluidic resistance. Such an analogy, though obviously imperfect, can be applied to traffic as well. A commonality of such systems is their dependency on "pinch points" that govern the flow rate of the whole system. In car traffic, for example, if a multilane highway is brought down to one lane following an accident, the resistance of that entire chunk of highway can be considered to be that of a one lane road. (With a raft of linearizing/simplifying assumptions, of course). Even if you had 10 lanes of nascar drivers before and after the blockage, the highway 